Assignment 2

The goal of assignment 1 is to reinforce classes in C++. Specifically, the assignment is to do problems 16 and 17 on 
page 95 of the text with the following modifications.

- For problem 16, do not construct an interactive program. Instead, create a test program using assertions.
- For problem 17, the display functions should be not be friend functions – just regular free functions.

For both problems, the class style of documentation (preconditions and postconditions) with each function protecting itself 
need to be used. The test program needs to check all the functionality of each class using assertions.

  16. Write a class to keep track of a balance in a
      bank account with a varying annual interest
      rate. The constructor will set both the balance
      and the annual interest rate to some initial values
      (with defaults of zero).
      The class should have member functions to
      change or retrieve the current balance or interest
      rate. There should also be functions to make a deposit
      (add to the balance) or a withdrawal (subtract
      from the balance). Finally, there should be a function
      that adds interest to the balance at the current interest
      rate. This function should have a parameter
      indicating how many years’ worth of interest are to
      be added (for example, 0.5 years indicates that the
      account should have six months’ interest added).
      Use the class as part of an interactive program
      that allows the user to determine how long an initial
      balance will take to grow to a given value. The program
      should allow the user to specify the initial balance,
      the interest rate, and whether there are
      additional yearly deposits.
      
  17. Specify, design, and implement a class
      called date. Use integers to represent a
      date’s month, day, and year. Write a member 
      function to increment the date to the next day.
      Include friend functions to display a date in both
      number and word format.
